integrations: Add Redmine webhook integration (#36556)
zulip/zulip: zerver/webhooks/redmine/doc.md

# Zulip Redmine integration

Get notifications for Redmine issues in Zulip!

!!! warn ""

    **Note**: This integration requires the
    [`redmine_webhook` plugin](https://github.com/suer/redmine_webhook) to
    be installed on your Redmine server.

{start_tabs}

1. {!create-an-incoming-webhook.md!}

1. {!generate-webhook-url-basic.md!}

1. Install the [`redmine_webhook` plugin](https://github.com/suer/redmine_webhook)

>    on your Redmine server.

Reviewer: It's a little strange to have this both here and as a warning at the top. 

I think we can probably just keep this step and drop the warning?

# Zulip Redmine integration

Get Redmine notifications in Zulip!

!!! warn ""

    **Note**: This integration requires the `redmine_webhook` plugin to be
    installed on your Redmine server. The plugin sends webhook notifications
    to Zulip when issues are created, updated, or other events occur.

{start_tabs}

1. {!create-an-incoming-webhook.md!}

1. {!generate-webhook-url-basic.md!}

1. Install the `redmine_webhook` plugin on your Redmine server. You can
   find installation instructions at the

>    [redmine_webhook](https://github.com/suer/redmine_webhook) GitHub repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Install the [`redmine_webhook` plugin](https://github.com/suer/redmine_webhook) on your Redmine server.
```
Include the link somewhere in the first line itself, and drop the second line.

Author: Changed and added

1. In your Redmine installation, go to **Projects** and select the project
   you want to receive notifications for.

1. On the project main page, enable the **Webhooks** checkbox to activate
   webhook functionality for this project.

1. Click on **Settings** for that project, then navigate to the **WebHook** tab.

1. Add the URL generated above and select the
   [events](#filtering-incoming-events) you'd like to be notified about,

>    such as **Issues** → **opened**, **updated**. Save your webhook configuration.

Reviewer 2: `Select the [events](#filtering-incoming-events) you would like to receive notifications for, and click ...`

Drop the examples.
